#Create a submission just to make an output file. Work backwords to get that made.
#Find a way to get all the data into one... thingy. We have many different datatypes. We need to get them as one.
    Random Forest can do this, apparently.
    We need to clean the data. We can follow chat GPT's instructions
    I also need to reference old stuff to pull some pandas info in here
    
#Submission 1: Place 2340/2530 - Test Submission
	Today we entered a submission with nothing but true answers. The primary reason
	was to get our formatting right in python. Considering that we can make 10 submissions per day,
	it seemed like a good worthy investment of time.

#Next Step
	We have many different fields that need analyzing here. We need a way to bundle them and cross-section.
	I could do a linear regression on any one numeric field, but it seems like it would be a good idea to
	figure out what fields are the most important to calculate first, or if there is a combination of two.
	Then we could start figuring out the specifics. I'll do some research into random forests. Also, we need
	to clean the data. Pandas can tell you if something is NaN and stuff.

#ToThinkAbout
	We could also do a quick % check of categories with a finite # of fields and just guess on some percentages.

#Submission 2:
	Up to about 75% by implementing an SKlearn random forest that was suggested in the Titanic new user tutorial.
	Great Success!

#What next for Nic
	I need an algorithm that will consistently give me k-fold splits and a simple way to use that with my algorithms. I
	already have split it using the thingy that once. Now I have to take that and implement logistic regression.
	
#A step backwards
    I had to rebuild my dev and pretest files because the algorithm written for me was deleting them, or rather, setting them
    aside for testing, so they weren't being written for the training algorithm. I rewrote them so they should be good
    now. I even have my logistic regression file working, but it's only doing 1 big thing and then testing on
    one small thing. I have to bust it up into 5 parts and get it running.
    
    I have commented out the lines that run the logistic regression against the test data and will rewrite it as a k-fold
    cross validation.
